Tom was sad.
His mother and father were always busy.
The other day, his brother Jack said,
Let's go outside together.
The weather is nice.
Tom replied, I'd rather stay inside.
There's nothing fun out there.
Jack smiled.
Brother, that's not true.
There's something fun everywhere if you look.
Come on, I'll show you.
Tom thought for a moment.
Well, okay.
It's better than doing nothing.
When they got home, their parents were there.
Did you do anything fun today?
Asked their mother.
We did everything.
Tom said happily.
We played in the park.
Although I didn't want to go at first,
I'm glad we did.
Their father smiled.
That's great.
Whether you play inside or out, it's
always good to do things together.
From that day on, Tom knew that without
his family, life wouldn't be as fun.
He learned that there was always
something to enjoy no matter what.
Let's go on.
We'll be right.
We'll be right back.